## Flask Chat Application
This is a simple Flask application that allows users to interact with a language model powered by OpenAI. Users can ask questions and receive responses generated by the language model.

## Features
- Chat Interface: Users can input questions via a web interface and receive responses.
- CSV Agent Integration: The application supports integration with a CSV agent for more specific responses.
- File Upload: Users can upload CSV files to provide additional context or data for the language model.
## Installation
1. Clone this repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Abhijit1102/talk_with_csv.git
```

2. Navigate to the project directory:

```bash
cd /talk_with_csv
```

3. Install dependencies using pip:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

# Usage
1. Run the Flask application:

```bash
python app.py
```

2. Access the application in your web browser at http://localhost:5000.

3. Upload a CSV file (if needed) and enter your API key for OpenAI.

4. Start asking questions and interacting with the language model.

## Configuration
- `UPLOAD_FOLDER`: Specify the folder where uploaded CSV files will be stored.
- `ALLOWED_EXTENSIONS`: Define the allowed file extensions for CSV uploads.
- `OPENAI_API_KEY`: Set your OpenAI API key to authenticate requests to the language model.


## File Structure

- `app.py`: Main Flask application file containing route definitions and application logic.
- `templates/`: Directory containing HTML templates for the web interface.
- `uploads/`: Folder where uploaded CSV files are stored.

## Requirements
- Python 3.10
- Flask
- langchain_openai
- langchain_experimental

## Credits

This application utilizes the following technologies:

- Flask: A lightweight WSGI web application framework.
- OpenAI: Provides the language model used for generating responses.
- langchain_openai: Library for interacting with OpenAI's language model.
- langchain_experimental: Toolkit for building conversational agents.
